Change model for preprocessing example (#14)
vishniakov-nikolai/openvino: samples/js/node/README.md

- Console will contain execution results

### Node samples
- To run `read_model_async_example.js`, `ppp_example.js` and `simple_inference_example.js` pass example name and optionally path to an image.
```sh
$ node <example-name> [path-to-image]
```

- To run ppp_example.js you have to additionally specify a path to the `alexnet` model.

> It can be downloaded: [here](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/omz_models_model_alexnet.html#doxid-omz-models-model-alexnet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find instructions about how to download `alexnet` model [here](https://docs.openvino.ai/latest/omz_models_model_alexnet.html#doxid-omz-models-model-alexnet).
```
